OADP-3268 [DOC] Release notes small corrections (#69552)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-3-0.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> In OADP 1.4, `kopia` will become the default `uploaderType` value.

Reviewer: Not a merge blocker, but please consider creating a follow up PR to reword this sentence. The [ISG states](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=information-claims-recommendations) that we should avoid claims about future product releases. 

```suggestion
In a future OADP release, it is planned that the `kopia` tool will become the default `uploaderType` value.
```

Reviewer: This is the format that PX has asked us to use when talking about plans for future releases.
